Create rule S6825: Focusable elements should not have `aria-hidden` attribute (#3286)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6825/javascript/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

> ARIA (Accessible Rich Internet Applications) is a set of attributes that define ways to make web content and web applications more accessible to people with disabilities. The 'aria-hidden' attribute is used to indicate that an element and all of its descendants are not visible or perceivable to any user as implemented by assistive technologies.

Reviewer: what about using backquotes for the attribute name', like:

```suggestion
ARIA (Accessible Rich Internet Applications) is a set of attributes that define ways to make web content and web applications more accessible to people with disabilities. The `aria-hidden` attribute is used to indicate that an element and all of its descendants are not visible or perceivable to any user as implemented by assistive technologies.
```

same for below
